README.md, before:

# Unleash API client for Rustlang

[Unleash](https://unleash.github.io) is a feature flag API system. This is a
client for it to facilitate using the API to control features in Rust programs.

## Client overview

The client is written using async. Any std compatible async runtime should be
compatible. Examples with async-std and tokio are in the examples/ in the source
tree.

To use it in a sync program, run an async executor and `block_on()` the relevant
calls. As the client specification requires sending background metrics to the
API, you will need to arrange to call the `poll` method from a thread.
Contributions to provide helpers to make this easier are welcome.

The unleash defined strategies are included, to support custom strategies
use the `ClientBuilder` and call the `strategy` method to register your custom
strategy memoization function.

The crate documentation should be consulted for more detail.

## status

Core Unleash API features work.

Missing Unleash specified features:
- local serialised copy of toggles to survive restarts without network traffic.
- variant support.

## Code of conduct

Please note that this project is released with a Contributor Code of Conduct. By
participating in this project you agree to abide by its terms.

## Contributing

PR's on Github as normal please. Cargo test to run the test suite, rustfmt code
before submitting. To run the functional test suite:
```
docker-compose up -d
UNLEASH_API_URL=http://127.0.0.1:4242/api UNLEASH_APP_NAME=fred UNLEASH_INSTANCE_ID=test cargo test --features functional  -- --nocapture
```
or similar.

Commit message:

Rename Client::poll to Client::poll_for_updates
While the compiler doesn't care, humans do, and this should reduce
confusion over the purpose of the method. Also tweak docs around when to
call it and the current status.

README.md, after:

# Unleash API client for Rustlang

[Unleash](https://unleash.github.io) is a feature flag API system. This is a
client for it to facilitate using the API to control features in Rust programs.

## Client overview

The client is written using async. Any std compatible async runtime should be
compatible. Examples with async-std and tokio are in the examples/ in the source
tree.

To use it in a sync program, run an async executor and `block_on()` the relevant
calls. As the client specification requires sending background metrics to the
API, you will need to arrange to call the `poll_for_updates` method from a
thread as demonstrated in `examples/theads.rs`

The unleash defined strategies are included, to support custom strategies
use the `ClientBuilder` and call the `strategy` method to register your custom
strategy memoization function.

The crate documentation should be consulted for more detail.

## status

Core Unleash API features work.

Missing Unleash specified features:
- local serialised copy of toggles to survive restarts without network traffic.
- variant support.

## Code of conduct

Please note that this project is released with a Contributor Code of Conduct. By
participating in this project you agree to abide by its terms.

## Contributing

PR's on Github as normal please. Cargo test to run the test suite, rustfmt code
before submitting. To run the functional test suite:
```
docker-compose up -d
UNLEASH_API_URL=http://127.0.0.1:4242/api UNLEASH_APP_NAME=fred UNLEASH_INSTANCE_ID=test cargo test --features functional  -- --nocapture
```
or similar.
